# Building Massively Scalable Web Apps

This project teaches you how to build 
a web-application using javascript. 
Specifically we will be building a messenger 
style app using the MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, 
and Node) stack.

### Walkthrough
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l9RHPp5NGEtmTcPzzl01GGxRl93FJLvSeLeF_lpQvRk

### Code Doc
https://docs.google.com/document/d/176uQY_rwkQEj_E0MYPgBrkr6vRZ2_e0wKoSU6cQi59s/edit?usp=sharing

## Lecture Slides
### Lecture 1: Introduction 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1b4wZxu733-pBNlaDFCVtGsXob2BzZA58KLrUOo6DbBM/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 2: Introduction 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nSF360LbpVqbzMweCEqsAt6baQocBxHIQdoyVUHNI3Q/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 3: Presentation (HTML + CSS) 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iyfjFHefs4uIUGE-MIEs47dkN3F8fD6wh3FQ-JCKkuU/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 4: JavaScript  
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Dfl0zYbjg8hWhUDfK4t6CAW24zt7R6zvWoXdFhcc6m4/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 5: JavaScript 2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1I36bdlbrp90dL3Zr0Zt2IWRLo0n1ly1Y7gx0Dm2MYVw/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 6: DOM
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14zTf7V3JYvmL3dw9PTjMBuRwlWQLL5yiYggdWipDDGQ/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 7: Angular 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16CW5aBWAjDHhWbO6h33IXPuUEAw08Ry8DuIk_4gBo5s/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 8: Servers
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JE3DAptHaF4JwJZLuNerCURH4D-gcjzQfbpiUlIeWdA/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 9: Servers 2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16DMKrxCzcB2t6PnQiwNvi40mSs1XZmsKJJ4X6AW4Vgs/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 10: Extending our App
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hkw5wLu9GNAsGT1zy_4RMG7BDwx36hPXgRmt9BxT8Lk/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture: 10.5 The Big Picture
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xif1HkBzDhimQ2rKCz57bwMg3wGX6nVVUOTihHZpFcw/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 11 WebSockets
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1P-0upIR8fjN3sQ7RPk3QnwzTQFrTiKc9BeiiPqbiPU8/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 12 Relay Server
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NM1AVKsXTYkjx-J4T5K7lM_ITmWRQaS_iXhmJGbDTTw/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 13 Database
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1i-TTqsy_96VnQBpkXYS0ZKga02B9TCkFr8cBerYgr_w/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 14 Notifications
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18ConsZs15Heo28MWsdmL38R42Gnz_jUe8hespkJT4TI/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 15 What We Learned
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q1ygCZQigai_OH0Lq7R7AZIP0V-m5BL8ChJc2l6kujw/edit?usp=sharing
### Lecture 16 Project
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wzaA-IOdP-mWeXxOSGgcoApkL8Z56mlAcdrwP08Hl9s/edit?usp=sharing
